# ObesityandFoodInsecurity
<h2>The Process</h2>
<p>When I was initially working on this project, I collected a broad array of data. My original concept was to show obesity's upward trend in New York. But this was a project that others had done in the past. It isn't a new trend, so I knew I had to think of a new trend to visualize.</p>
<p>Upon doing more research, I came across the term "food insecurity." I was familiar with the term, but I didn't know the nuances of what it meant. I used a number of websites and sources for my research, but my most utilized source was DATA2GO.NYC. I learned that food insecurity could mean people had a low quality and variety of food or that people's diets were nutritionally compromised. Using DATA2GO.NYC, I found that neighborhoods with high levels of food insecurity also had high levels of obesity. This piqued my interest because it seems counterintuitive that people with scarce food would also suffer from obesity.</p>
<p/>I decided to create a chart depicting the top 12 community districts with high food insecurity and discovered that most of the CDs were in the Bronx and Brooklyn, with one exception - Manhattan CD 10.</p>
<p>To visualize this information, I intially started to use Chartbuilder 2.0, but I couldn't get the data to look the way I wanted on the charts. So I switched to infogr.am, which has a wide array of chart layouts and is more user friendly. I created two bar charts, one that depicted food insecurity compared to obesity rates in a CD, and simple one which showed obesity rates in each borough. I found that the second chart supported the information that I showed in my first chart - Brooklyn and the Bronx had the highest rates of obesity among the boroughs.</p> 
<p>After trying numerous times I couldn't figure out how to publish my project on github, so I decided to put it on my own personal website. I embedded the charts directly onto my website, interspersed with text to describe the charts and other general information. I also listed all the sources I used on the bottom of the page.</p> 
<p>Overall, I am happy with the trend that I found and the way in which I chose to visualize it.</p>
